Update c-interop-native-extensions.md (#3547)
dart-lang/site-www: src/server/c-interop-native-extensions.md

description: The original way for command-line Dart apps to call C/C++ functions.
---

{{site.alert.note}}

> The extension mechanism which was previously discussed on this page has been

Reviewer: Maybe `...previously discussed on this page -- native extensions -- has been` ?

That's likely better for SEO

deprecated in Dart 2.14 and will be removed in Dart 2.15.

If you need to call existing code written in C or C++, see
[C & C++ interop using FFI](/server/c-interop).

This deprecation does not affect use-cases where Dart VM is embedded as library

> into another application. Dart Embedding API (as defined in

Reviewer: s/Dart Embedding/The Dart Embedding/

> [`include/dart_api.h`] header) remains supported for such use cases. Dart team

Reviewer: s/Dart team/The Dart team/

> currently does not provide any guides on how to embed Dart VM into you

Reviewer: s/Dart VM/the Dart VM/

> currently does not provide any guides on how to embed Dart VM into you

Reviewer: s/you/your/

application, however there are [examples] maintained by the community which

> demonstrate necessary glue code.

Reviewer: s/necessary/the necessary/

description: The original way for command-line Dart apps to call C/C++ functions.
---

{{site.alert.note}}

> previously discussed on this page  has been

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

The extension mechanism which was previously discussed on this page --
native extensions -- has been deprecated in Dart 2.14 and will be removed in
Dart 2.15.

If you need to call existing code written in C or C++, see
[C & C++ interop using FFI](/server/c-interop).

> This deprecation does not affect use-cases where Dart VM is embedded as library
> into another application. The Dart Embedding API (as defined in
> [`include/dart_api.h`] header) remains supported for such use cases. The Dart
> team currently does not provide any guides on how to embed the Dart VM into your
> application, however there are [examples] maintained by the community which
> demonstrate the necessary glue code.

Reviewer 2: Adds some semantic splits and fixes some minor grammatical/style errors.

```suggestion
This deprecation does not affect use-cases where the Dart VM 
is embedded as a library into another application. 
The Dart Embedding API (as defined in the [`include/dart_api.h`][] header) 
remains supported for such use cases. 
The Dart team currently does not provide any guidelines
on how to embed the Dart VM into your application, 
however there are [examples][] maintained by the community
which demonstrate the necessary glue code.
```
